Django to Render Deployment Guide
Your Django project is now successfully configured for production on Render! I've made the necessary adjustments to ensure a smooth deployment process.

Changes Made
requirements.txt
: Added production dependencies (gunicorn, dj-database-url, psycopg2-binary, whitenoise).
build.sh
: Created a script to automate the build phase (installing dependencies, collecting static files, running database migrations).
myproject/settings.py
:
Configured SECRET_KEY, DEBUG, and ALLOWED_HOSTS to draw from environment variables.
Set up dj-database-url to handle Render's PostgreSQL databases effortlessly while maintaining local SQLite capability.
Configured whitenoise to properly serve static files in production.
Next Steps to Deploy
Follow these steps to get your app live on Render:

1. Push Code to GitHub
First, you need to push these changes to a GitHub repository:

bash
git add .
git commit -m "Configure Django for Render deployment"
git push origin main
(If you haven't initialized a git repository yet, run git init, add your remote, and push)

2. Connect to Render
Go to your Render Dashboard.
Click New + and select Web Service.
Choose Build and deploy from a Git repository and connect the GitHub repository you just pushed to.
3. Configure the Web Service
Fill in the following details when creating the Web Service:

Environment: Python 3
Build Command: 
./build.sh
Start Command: gunicorn myproject.wsgi:application
4. Set Environment Variables
Scroll down to the Environment Variables section and click Add Environment Variable. Add the following:

Key: PYTHON_VERSION | Value: 3.11.8 (or your preferred Python 3 version)
Key: SECRET_KEY | Value: (Generate a random long string for production)
Optional: Add PostgreSQL Database
If you want to use a powerful database instead of the temporary SQLite:

Create a PostgreSQL instance on Render Dashboard.
Get the Internal Database URL from its settings.
Add a new Environment Variable to your Web Service:
Key: DATABASE_URL | Value: (Paste the Internal Database URL)
Once configured, click Create Web Service. Render will automatically run 
./build.sh
, install your dependencies, and start your Django app!